Ff151 CSSContainerRules.conditions docs (#43995)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/csscontainerrule/index.md

The **`CSSContainerRule`** interface represents a single CSS {{cssxref("@container")}} rule.

{{InheritanceDiagram}}

## Instance properties

_Inherits properties from its ancestors {{domxref("CSSConditionRule")}}, {{domxref("CSSGroupingRule")}}, and {{domxref("CSSRule")}}._

- {{domxref("CSSContainerRule.conditions")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}}
  - : Returns an array of objects, each of which specifies a container condition in a {{cssxref("@container")}} rule.
    The objects have a `name` string property and a `query` string property, either of which may be the empty string if not defined.

>     The `name` represents the name of a container, and the `query` string represents the set of feature tests that must all be true for the particular condition to apply.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The `name` represents the name of a container, and the `query` represents the set of feature tests that must all be true for the particular condition to apply.
```

Minor consistency point.

- {{domxref("CSSContainerRule.containerName")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}}
  - : Returns a string representing the name of the first container condition of a {{cssxref("@container")}}, when there is just one condition.
    If there are multiple container conditions, or if there is just one condition that does not specify a name, this is the empty string.
- {{domxref("CSSContainerRule.containerQuery")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}}
  - : Returns a string representing the container query for the first container condition of a {{cssxref("@container")}}, when there is only one condition.
    This represents a set of feature tests that must all be true for the condition to apply.
    If there are multiple container conditions, or if there is just one condition that does not specify a query, this is the empty string.

## Instance methods

_No specific methods; inherits methods from its ancestors {{domxref("CSSConditionRule")}}, {{domxref("CSSGroupingRule")}}, and {{domxref("CSSRule")}}._

## Description

> `CSSContainerRule` represents a {{cssxref("@container")}} rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `CSSContainerRule` object represents a {{cssxref("@container")}} rule.
```

A `@container` rule defines one or more comma-separated _container conditions_.
Each container condition consists of at least one of a "name" and "query", where the "name" indicates the `id` of the container to which the condition applies and the "query" specifies one or more logically combined feature checks on the properties of a container.
If any of the container conditions match a container, the indicated styles are applied.

> [!NOTE]
> Support for multiple container conditions is indicated by the `conditions` key in the [Browser compatibility](#browser_compatibility) table (earlier versions of the specification allowed only a single container condition).
> This affects how `CSSContainerRule` and `@container` are used.

A contrived example consisting of three conditions is shown below.

> This will match: a container named `main-content` if its width is between 600px and 800px, any container that has a height greater than 800px, or any container named `other-content`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will match a container named `main-content` if its width is between `600px` and `800px`, any container that has a height greater than `800px`, or any container named `other-content`.
```

```css
@container main-content (width > 600px) and (width < 800px), (height > 800px), other-content {
  /* Apply styles */
}
```

On browsers that support the `CSSContainerRule.conditions` property, it represents a `@container` as an array of objects, each of which defines a single container condition.
The objects have the properties `name` and `query`, which may be the empty string (`""`).
The `conditions` property for the `@container` example above would look like this:

```js
[
  { name: "main-content", query: "(width > 600px) and (width < 800px)" },
  { name: "", query: "(height > 800px)" },
  { name: "other-content", query: "" },
];
```

The `containerName` and `containerQuery` properties contain the name and query, respectively, for a container rule with a _single_ container condition.

> On browsers that support the `conditions` property, these are set to the empty string if there are multiple conditions, or the value of the only entry in `conditions` if there is a single entry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On browsers that support the `conditions` property, these are set to the empty string if there are multiple conditions, or the name and value of the only entry in `conditions` if there is a single entry.
```

Ah, so in browsers that support `conditions`, if there is only one condition, you get the condition name and value from the `name` and `value` properties? Is this condition also available as a single object inside `conditions`, or not?

Author: Yes and yes.  The whole thing proved hard for me to capture, but I am no happy with https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/43995/changes#r3185316373

> Note that on browsers that don't support multiple conditions, an `@container` with multiple conditions cannot be parsed, and so no corresponding `CSSContainerRule` will be created.

Reviewer: What about browsers that don't support `conditions`, but do support `containerName` and `containerQuery`? I'm guessing that this is covered in "The `containerName` and `containerQuery` properties contain the name and query, respectively, for a container rule with a _single_ container condition.", but it would help to spell this out explicitly. I read the above bit and was left feeling confused.

Author: That's exactly what this line is supposed to say - you're screwed because a container rule with multiple conditions can't be parsed at all. You don't get a containerName or containerQuery, because you can't even get a `CSSContainerRule`.

This felt precise enough, but maybe:

```suggestion
Note that browsers that don't support the `conditions` property only allow container rules with a single container condition.
An `@container` with multiple container conditions will not be parsed, and no corresponding `CSSContainerRule` will be created.
```

You can also get the text for the whole condition using {{domxref("CSSConditionRule.conditionText")}}.

## Examples

### Feature testing

> Feature testing can be complicated because you may need to handle the cases where `CSSContainerRule` and/or `CSSContainerRule.conditions` are not defined, and also the case where `CSSContainerRule.conditions` is not defined but multiple container conditions have been specified in the CSS.

Reviewer: by "defined", do you mean "supported"?

Author: Yes. 

```suggestion
Feature testing can be complicated because you may need to handle the cases where `CSSContainerRule` or `CSSContainerRule.conditions` are not supported, and also the particular case where `conditions` is not supported but multiple container conditions have been specified in the CSS.
```

This code shows how you can do it.

> Note that `containerRule` is a `CSSContainerRule` representing the container rule, and that we prefer to use the information in `CSSContainerRule.conditions` if it is defined, rather than that in `containerName` and `containerQuery`.

Reviewer: Where is the `containerRule` value obtained from? This is one part of this example that is confusing me.

Author: Don't wanna.
This line already explicitly states that you already have the rule. How you get it doesn't matter for the demonstration of feature checking and just complicates what I am trying to show here.  Don't be confused, just roll with it.
Making it more explicit.

```suggestion
The code assumes that you have already obtained `containerRule`, a `CSSContainerRule` instance that corresponds to an `@container` rule defined in the page CSS (the next example shows how you might do this).
```

  log("CSSContainerRule.conditions not supported");
  log(`CSSContainerRule.containerName: "${containerRule.containerName}"`);
  log(`CSSContainerRule.containerQuery: "${containerRule.containerQuery}"`);
  log(`CSSContainerRule.conditionText: "${containerRule.conditionText}"`);
}
```

### Unnamed container condition

The example below defines a {{cssxref("@container")}} rule that has a single container condition with no name, and displays the properties of the associated `CSSContainerRule`.
The CSS is the same as in the `@container` example [Setting styles based on a container's size](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Reference/At-rules/@container#setting_styles_based_on_a_containers_size).

Note that our code to log the results is not particularly relevant, so it has been hidden.

```html hidden
<pre id="log"></pre>
```

```js hidden
const logElement = document.querySelector("#log");
function log(text) {
  logElement.innerText = `${logElement.innerText}${text}\n`;
  logElement.scrollTop = logElement.scrollHeight;
}
```

```css hidden
#log {
  height: 100px;
  overflow: scroll;
  padding: 0.5rem;
  border: 1px solid black;
}
```

#### HTML

> First we define the HTML for a `card` (`<div>`) contained within a `post`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, we define the HTML for a `card` contained within a `post`.
These are represented by two nested {{htmlelement("div")}} elements.
```

> This affects how `CSSContainerRule` and `@container` are used.

A contrived example consisting of three conditions is shown below.
This will match: a container named `main-content` if its width is between 600px and 800px, any container that has a height greater than 800px, or any container named `other-content`.

```css
@container main-content (width > 600px) and (width < 800px), (height > 800px), other-content {
  /* Apply styles */
}
```

On browsers that support the `CSSContainerRule.conditions` property, it represents a `@container` as an array of objects, each of which defines a single container condition.
The objects have the properties `name` and `query`, which may be the empty string (`""`).
The `conditions` property for the `@container` example above would look like this:

```js
[
  { name: "main-content", query: "(width > 600px) and (width < 800px)" },
  { name: "", query: "(height > 800px)" },
  { name: "other-content", query: "" },
];
```

The `containerName` and `containerQuery` properties contain the name and query, respectively, for a container rule with a _single_ container condition.

> On browsers that support the `conditions` property, these are set to the empty string if there are multiple conditions, or the value of the only entry in `conditions` if there is a single entry.

Author: ```suggestion
The `containerName` and `containerQuery` properties predate support for container rules with multiple container conditions. 
For a container rule with a _single container condition_ they contain the name and query of that condition (mirroring the `name` and `query` properties of the object in the `conditions` array).
For a container rule with multiple conditions they are both set to the empty string.
```

```js
[
  { name: "main-content", query: "(width > 600px) and (width < 800px)" },
  { name: "", query: "(height > 800px)" },
  { name: "other-content", query: "" },
];
```

The `containerName` and `containerQuery` properties predate support for container rules with multiple container conditions. 
For a container rule with a _single container condition_ they contain the name and query of that condition (mirroring the `name` and `query` properties of the object in the `conditions` array).
For a container rule with multiple conditions they are both set to the empty string.

Note that on browsers that don't support multiple conditions, an `@container` with multiple conditions cannot be parsed, and so no corresponding `CSSContainerRule` will be created.

You can also get the text for the whole condition using {{domxref("CSSConditionRule.conditionText")}}.

## Examples

### Feature testing

Feature testing can be complicated because you may need to handle the cases where `CSSContainerRule` and/or `CSSContainerRule.conditions` are not defined, and also the case where `CSSContainerRule.conditions` is not defined but multiple container conditions have been specified in the CSS.

> This code shows how you can do it.

Author: ```suggestion
This example shows how you can do it.
```

```js
if (typeof CSSContainerRule === "undefined") {
  // Browser doesn't support CSSContainerRule (at all)
  log("CSSContainerRule is not supported in this browser.");
} else if (!containerRule) {
  // Browser doesn't support multiple container conditions
  log(
    "No CSSContainerRule was created — @container with multiple conditions may not be parsed.",
  );
} else if ("conditions" in CSSContainerRule.prototype) {
  log("CSSContainerRule.conditions is supported.");
  log("CSSContainerRule.conditions:");
  containerRule.conditions.forEach((item) => {
    const jsonString = JSON.stringify(item);
    log(`  ${jsonString}`);
  });
  log(`CSSContainerRule.conditionText: "${containerRule.conditionText}"`);
} else {
  // @container exists but predates the multi-condition specification
  log("CSSContainerRule.conditions not supported");
  log(`CSSContainerRule.containerName: "${containerRule.containerName}"`);
  log(`CSSContainerRule.containerQuery: "${containerRule.containerQuery}"`);
  log(`CSSContainerRule.conditionText: "${containerRule.conditionText}"`);
}
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion

Note that if it is defined, we prefer to use the information in `CSSContainerRule.conditions` rather than `containerName` and `containerQuery`.

```

The **`CSSContainerRule`** interface represents a single CSS {{cssxref("@container")}} rule.

{{InheritanceDiagram}}

## Instance properties

_Inherits properties from its ancestors {{domxref("CSSConditionRule")}}, {{domxref("CSSGroupingRule")}}, and {{domxref("CSSRule")}}._

- {{domxref("CSSContainerRule.conditions")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}}
  - : Returns an array of objects, each of which specifies a container condition in a {{cssxref("@container")}} rule.
    The objects have a `name` string property and a `query` string property, either of which may be the empty string if not defined.

>     The `name` represents the name of a container, and the `query` represents the set of feature tests that must all be true for the particular condition to apply.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The `name` represents the name of a container, and the `query` represents the set of feature tests that must be true for the particular condition to apply.
```

It is possible to write your queries so that all must be true for the condition to apply (AND), or only one (OR). So, remove "all"?

Author: FYI, you're right. I didn't discover until I tested that OR was allowed in the query. Silly assumption, but it propagated everywhere.

- {{domxref("CSSContainerRule.containerName")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}}

>   - : Returns a string representing the name of the first container condition of a {{cssxref("@container")}}, when there is just one condition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Returns a string representing the name of the container condition of a {{cssxref("@container")}}, when there is just one condition.
```

Because there is only one condition anyway?

    If there are multiple container conditions, or if there is just one condition that does not specify a name, this is the empty string.
- {{domxref("CSSContainerRule.containerQuery")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}}

>   - : Returns a string representing the container query for the first container condition of a {{cssxref("@container")}}, when there is only one condition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Returns a string representing the container query for the container condition of a {{cssxref("@container")}}, when there is only one condition.
```

Again, there is only one, so don't need "first"?

    This represents a set of feature tests that must all be true for the condition to apply.
    If there are multiple container conditions, or if there is just one condition that does not specify a query, this is the empty string.

## Instance methods

_No specific methods; inherits methods from its ancestors {{domxref("CSSConditionRule")}}, {{domxref("CSSGroupingRule")}}, and {{domxref("CSSRule")}}._

## Description

A `CSSContainerRule` object represents a {{cssxref("@container")}} rule.

A `@container` rule defines one or more comma-separated _container conditions_.

> Each container condition consists of at least one of a "name" and "query", where the "name" indicates the name of the container to which the condition applies and the "query" specifies one or more logically combined feature checks on the properties of a container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each container condition consists of a "name" and/or a "query", where the "name" indicates the name of the container to which the condition applies and the "query" specifies one or more logically combined feature checks on a container's properties.
```

Reviewer: I felt like and/or here was a bit less ambiguous. "at least one of" made me think, "does he mean multiple name/query pairs"?

Author: You're absolutely right. For some reason I had it in my head that this form might allow for both to be omitted. Doh.

If any of the container conditions match a container, the indicated styles are applied.

> [!NOTE]
> Support for multiple container conditions is indicated by the `conditions` key in the [Browser compatibility](#browser_compatibility) table (earlier versions of the specification allowed only a single container condition).
> This affects how `CSSContainerRule` and `@container` are used.

A contrived example consisting of three conditions is shown below.
This will match a container named `main-content` if its width is between `600px` and `800px`, any container that has a height greater than `800px`, or any container named `other-content`.

```css
@container main-content (width > 600px) and (width < 800px), (height > 800px), other-content {
  /* Apply styles */
}
```

> On browsers that support the `CSSContainerRule.conditions` property, it represents a `@container` as an array of objects, each of which defines a single container condition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In supporting browsers, the `CSSContainerRule.conditions` property represents a `@container` as an array of objects, each of which defines a single container condition.
```

The objects have the properties `name` and `query`, which may be the empty string (`""`).
The `conditions` property for the `@container` example above would look like this:

```js
[
  { name: "main-content", query: "(width > 600px) and (width < 800px)" },
  { name: "", query: "(height > 800px)" },
  { name: "other-content", query: "" },
];
```

The `containerName` and `containerQuery` properties predate support for container rules with multiple container conditions.
For a container rule with a _single container condition_ they contain the name and query of that condition (mirroring the `name` and `query` properties of the object in the `conditions` array).
For a container rule with multiple conditions they are both set to the empty string.

Note that browsers that don't support the `conditions` property only allow container rules with a single container condition.
An `@container` with multiple container conditions will not be parsed, and no corresponding `CSSContainerRule` will be created.

You can also get the text for the whole condition using {{domxref("CSSConditionRule.conditionText")}}.

## Examples

### Feature testing

> Feature testing can be complicated because you may need to handle the cases where `CSSContainerRule` or `CSSContainerRule.conditions` are not supported, and also the particular case where `conditions` is not supported but multiple container conditions have been specified in the CSS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feature testing can be complicated because you may need to handle cases where `CSSContainerRule` or `CSSContainerRule.conditions` are not supported, and also the particular case where `conditions` is not supported but multiple container conditions have been specified in the CSS.
```

> This code shows how you can do it, assuming that you have already obtained `containerRule`, a `CSSContainerRule` instance that corresponds to an `@container` rule defined in the page CSS (the next example shows how you might get `containerRule`).

Reviewer: Maybe link the `@container` instance here  to the relevant ref page, as it is the first instance in the examples?

Author: ```suggestion
This code shows how you can do it, assuming that you have already obtained `containerRule`, a `CSSContainerRule` instance that corresponds to an {{cssxref("@container")}} rule defined in the page CSS (the next example shows how you might get `containerRule`).
```

</div>
```

#### CSS

The CSS for the example is shown below.

> As described in the corresponding {{cssxref("@container")}} example, the CSS for the container element specifies the type of the container.

Reviewer: What is the corresponding `@container` example? I was a bit confused by this.

Author: The example that this mimics from the `@container` example. I don't need to mention this.

```suggestion
The CSS first specifies the {{cssxref("container-type")}} for the container element (`post`). 
```

> The {{cssxref("@container")}} then applies a new width, font-size, and background color to the card if the width is less than 650px.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {{cssxref("@container")}} then applies a new `width`, `background-color`, and `font-size` to the card if the width is less than `650px`.
```

</div>
```

#### CSS

The CSS for the example is shown below.
As described in the corresponding {{cssxref("@container")}} example, the CSS for the container element specifies the type of the container.

> The {{cssxref("@container")}} then applies a new `width`, `background-color`, and `font-size` to the card if the width is less than `650px`.

Reviewer: You probably don't need to link the `@container` instances here, as one was linked in the same example earlier? Maybe have a look through your example sections throughout the PR to watch out for this? Not that important, but hey...

Author: Cool.

```suggestion
The `@container` rule then applies a new `width`, `background-color`, and `font-size` to the card if the width is less than `650px`.
```

</style>
```

> [!NOTE]

> > The styles in these examples are defined in an inline HTML `style` element with an `id` in order to make it easy for the code to find the correct sheet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The styles in these examples are defined in an inline HTML {{htmlelement("style")}} element with an `id`, to make it easy for the code to find the correct style sheet.
```

> > You might also locate the correct sheets for each example from the document by indexing against the length (e.g., `document.styleSheets[document.styleSheets.length-1]` but that makes working out the correct sheet for each example more complicated).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You might also locate the correct style sheet for each example by indexing against the number of style sheets contained in the document, that is, the `length` of the `styleSheets` property (for example, `document.styleSheets[document.styleSheets.length-1]`), but that makes working out the correct sheet for each example more complicated.
```

#### JavaScript

The code below gets the {{domxref("HTMLStyleElement")}} associated with the example using its `id`, and then uses its `sheet` property to get the {{domxref("StyleSheet")}}.
From the `StyleSheet` we get the set of `cssRules` added to the sheet.
Since we added the `@container` as the second rule above, we can access the associated `CSSContainerRule` using the second entry, with index "1", in the `cssRules`.

```js
const exampleStylesheet = document.getElementById("example-styles").sheet;
const exampleRules = exampleStylesheet.cssRules;
const containerRule = exampleRules[1]; // a CSSContainerRule representing the container rule.
```

> Next, we use our feature testing code from the previous example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, we use our feature testing code from the previous example to find and log the information we want to display.
```

} else if (!containerRule) {
  // Browser doesn't support multiple container conditions
  log(
    "No CSSContainerRule was created. This browser doesn't support @container with multiple conditions.",
  );
} else if ("conditions" in CSSContainerRule.prototype) {
  log("CSSContainerRule.conditions is supported.");
  log("CSSContainerRule.conditions:");
  containerRule.conditions.forEach((item) => {
    const jsonString = JSON.stringify(item);
    log(`  ${jsonString}`);
  });
  log(`CSSContainerRule.conditionText: "${containerRule.conditionText}"`);
} else {
  // @container exists but predates the multi-condition specification
  log("CSSContainerRule.conditions not supported");
  log(`CSSContainerRule.containerName: "${containerRule.containerName}"`);
  log(`CSSContainerRule.containerQuery: "${containerRule.containerQuery}"`);
  log(`CSSContainerRule.conditionText: "${containerRule.conditionText}"`);
}
```

#### Results

The example output is shown below.
This lists the condition using either the `conditions` property if it is supported or `containerName`/`containerQuery` if it is not.

{{EmbedLiveSample("Unnamed container rule","100%","300px")}}

> Note that the text in the card should change background color as the width of the page transitions through 650px (but in this example we are most interested in the log).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the card's `background-color` should change when the container width becomes smaller or larger than `650px`.
```

### Named container condition

The example below defines a {{cssxref("@container")}} rule that includes a name and a query, and displays the properties of the associated `CSSContainerRule`.

The CSS is very similar to that in the `@container` example [Creating named container contexts](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Reference/At-rules/@container#creating_named_container_contexts).

> Note that we've hidden the HTML, and the logging and feature checking code, as it is the same as in the previous example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that we've hidden the HTML, logging code, and feature checking code, as they are the same as in the previous example.
```

</style>
```

> [!NOTE]
> The styles in these examples are defined in an inline HTML `style` element with an `id` in order to make it easy for the code to find the correct sheet.
> You might also locate the correct sheets for each example from the document by indexing against the length (e.g., `document.styleSheets[document.styleSheets.length-1]` but that makes working out the correct sheet for each example more complicated).

#### JavaScript

The code below gets the {{domxref("HTMLStyleElement")}} associated with the example using its `id`, and then uses its `sheet` property to get the {{domxref("StyleSheet")}}.
From the `StyleSheet` we get the set of `cssRules` added to the sheet.

> Since we added the `@container` as the second rule above, we can access the associated `CSSContainerRule` using the second entry, with index "1", in the `cssRules`.

Author: ```suggestion
Since we added the `@container` as the second rule above, we can access the associated `CSSContainerRule` using the second entry, with index "1" in the `cssRules`.
```

</div>
```

#### CSS

> As described in {{cssxref("@container")}}, the CSS for the container element specifies the type of the container, and may also specify a name for the container.

Reviewer: Seems like a really weird way to describe this. I'd just say

```suggestion
In this example, the {{cssxref("@container")}} specifies a name for the container — `sidebar`, as well as the container type.
```

> The card has a default font size, which is overridden for the `@container` named `sidebar` if the minimum width is greater than 700px.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The card has a default font size, which is overridden when it is contained inside a `sidebar` `@container` when its width is greater than or equal to `700px`.
```

</div>
```

#### CSS

> In this example, the {{cssxref("@container")}} specifies a name for the container — `sidebar`, as well as the container type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, the {{cssxref("@container")}} specifies a container name, `sidebar`, as well as the container type.
```

  log(
    "No CSSContainerRule was created. This browser doesn't support @container with multiple conditions.",
  );
} else if ("conditions" in CSSContainerRule.prototype) {
  log("CSSContainerRule.conditions is supported.");
  log("CSSContainerRule.conditions:");
  containerRule.conditions.forEach((item) => {
    const jsonString = JSON.stringify(item);
    log(`  ${jsonString}`);
  });
  log(`CSSContainerRule.conditionText: "${containerRule.conditionText}"`);
} else {
  // @container exists but predates the multi-condition specification
  log("CSSContainerRule.conditions not supported");
  log(`CSSContainerRule.containerName: "${containerRule.containerName}"`);
  log(`CSSContainerRule.containerQuery: "${containerRule.containerQuery}"`);
  log(`CSSContainerRule.conditionText: "${containerRule.conditionText}"`);
}
```

#### Results

The example output is shown below.
This lists the condition using either the `conditions` property if it is supported or `containerName`/`containerQuery` if it is not.
The `conditionText` is also logged, and shows the combination of these two strings.

{{EmbedLiveSample("Named container condition","100%","300px")}}

> The title in the card section should double in size as the width of the page goes over 700px.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The text in the card `<div>` should double in size as the page width reaches `700px`, and halve as it goes below `700px` again.
```

### Multiple container conditions

The example below defines a {{cssxref("@container")}} rule that includes multiple container conditions, and displays the properties of the associated `CSSContainerRule`.

> Note that we've hidden the HTML, and the logging and feature checking code, as it is the same as in the previous example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that we've hidden the HTML, logging code, and feature checking code, as they are the same as in the previous example.
```

```html hidden
<pre id="log"></pre>
```

```js hidden
const logElement = document.querySelector("#log");
function log(text) {
  logElement.innerText = `${logElement.innerText}${text}\n`;
  logElement.scrollTop = logElement.scrollHeight;
}
```

```css hidden
#log {
  height: 100px;
  overflow: scroll;
  padding: 0.5rem;
  border: 1px solid black;
}
```

```html hidden
<div class="post">
  <div class="card">
    <h2>Card title</h2>
    <p>Card content</p>
  </div>
</div>
```

#### CSS

> The `@container` declaration here defines two container conditions, and will match if either is true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `@container` declaration here defines two container conditions; it will match a container if either condition is true.
```

if (typeof CSSContainerRule === "undefined") {
  // Browser doesn't support CSSContainerRule (at all)
  log("CSSContainerRule is not supported in this browser.");
} else if (!containerRule) {
  // Browser doesn't support multiple container conditions
  log(
    "No CSSContainerRule was created — @container with multiple conditions may not be parsed.",
  );
} else if ("conditions" in CSSContainerRule.prototype) {
  log("CSSContainerRule.conditions is supported.");
  log("CSSContainerRule.conditions:");
  containerRule.conditions.forEach((item) => {
    const jsonString = JSON.stringify(item);
    log(`  ${jsonString}`);
  });
  log(`CSSContainerRule.conditionText: "${containerRule.conditionText}"`);
} else {
  // @container exists but predates the multi-condition specification
  log("CSSContainerRule.conditions not supported");
  log(`CSSContainerRule.containerName: "${containerRule.containerName}"`);
  log(`CSSContainerRule.containerQuery: "${containerRule.containerQuery}"`);
  log(`CSSContainerRule.conditionText: "${containerRule.conditionText}"`);
}
```

#### Results

The example output is shown below.
Browsers that support the `conditions` property will show both conditions.

> Those that do not will note that the multiple conditions cannot be parsed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Those that do not will log a note that the multiple conditions cannot be parsed.
```

if (typeof CSSContainerRule === "undefined") {
  // Browser doesn't support CSSContainerRule (at all)
  log("CSSContainerRule is not supported in this browser.");
} else if (!containerRule) {
  // Browser doesn't support multiple container conditions
  log(
    "No CSSContainerRule was created — @container with multiple conditions may not be parsed.",
  );
} else if ("conditions" in CSSContainerRule.prototype) {
  log("CSSContainerRule.conditions is supported.");
  log("CSSContainerRule.conditions:");
  containerRule.conditions.forEach((item) => {
    const jsonString = JSON.stringify(item);
    log(`  ${jsonString}`);
  });
  log(`CSSContainerRule.conditionText: "${containerRule.conditionText}"`);
} else {
  // @container exists but predates the multi-condition specification
  log("CSSContainerRule.conditions not supported");
  log(`CSSContainerRule.containerName: "${containerRule.containerName}"`);
  log(`CSSContainerRule.containerQuery: "${containerRule.containerQuery}"`);
  log(`CSSContainerRule.conditionText: "${containerRule.conditionText}"`);
}
```

#### Results

The example output is shown below.
Browsers that support the `conditions` property will show both conditions.

> Those that do not will log a note that the multiple conditions cannot be parsed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Those that do not will log a note indicating that multiple conditions cannot be parsed.
```
